Coming back to this after spending a few days doing revision notes.  

What do I want to achieve today?

- [x] get to grips with ~~fuzzylite~~ simpful
    - [x] compare with [[Other Fuzzy Libraries]]
    - [x] experiment in a jupyter notebook
- [ ] implement a simple FIS in python that I can build on

I have decided to dump pyfuzzylite since it is not being updated, has zero documenation or useful examples and is probably not performant.
Simpful is build on numpy and scipy so should perform a lot better and has actual documentation.

I have read through the paper and docs of Simpful.  It is not as complete as pyfuzzylite - it does not have hedges for example.  But it is documented.  I have not looked at the implementation yet though.
Also download a paper for pyFUME - an package that builds on Simpful to learn from data.   Would be an interesting  comparison.

I am also looking at scikit-fuzzy, which is implemented with numpy.
... it looks much lower level.  Apparently does not implement 


Thought... if the chromosome to FIS conversion writes out the source code using a template system, then I could change the implementation quite easily.  Will think about that.
For now I need to make a decision and go with it.  
Simpful seems most usable but does not include hedges.  I could get round that by creating pre-hedged sets for the rules.  

I want to get a feel for it by downloading the iris data set and writing a set of rules for it and running the data through it to see how it does.  

Fuck - been trying to install and run pandasGUI.  I have installed it and all its dependencies, but python core dumps when I try to import it.

Simpful docs: https://simpful.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

I have been playing around with Simpful - I think it will do the job although I have concerns about performance.  There is a nice feature to generate a set of triangle membership sets for a linguistic variable automatically - I had started writing my own version when I found it.  

To Do:
- [ ] Write a function that can create a FIS for a pandas dataframe
    - parameters:  
        - dataframe, 
            - list of rules, 
            - dict with a list of set names for each variable.
            - output variables
                - derive them from the rules??
    - functions to run the rules against the dataframe and predict output(s)
        - use fit / predict model of sklearn?

- [ ] Maybe explore doing the same thing with the other libraries for comparison.

The most complete implementation I have seen so far is scikit-fuzzy - need to look into it more.  It does not look easy to use though from my initial scan through.  But it is documented on RTD - https://scikit-fuzzy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/userguide/getting_started.html.



