# 2021-07-03
I have played around with how the number of rules changes over the generations.  
Just randomly selecting with replacement from a list of numbers in a limited range will have the same effect as one number dominates and takes over the list.  Replacing a small number (e.g. 5) with new random values seems to work well to prevent this.  This means that adding some fresh individuals to replace the worst performers should preserve diversity, so I will implement that today.
That means another hyperparameter to add - the number of individuals to replace.
What should I call that?  replacements?  death_row?  hall_of_shame?

I think the current story [[implement GP engine - 5 sp]] can be considered done and I have moved it on the kanban board.
What next?
- start evaluating and tuning the classifier against other datasets?
    - do 5 or 10 fold cross validation
    - do random search of hyperparameter space for best results
- start on reinforcement learning?
- start project report on this part of the project?
- profile and see if there is scope for improving runtime?
    - that can be part of 'experiment and tune'

I am splitting the 2experiment and tune2 story into separate ones for classifer and RL, splitting the storypoints 5-8 respectively.

I have moved the [[Experiment and Tune Classifier 5sp]] story to In Progress on the Kanban.  
What do I want out of this?
- evaluation of the classification performance on some sample datasets.
- experiment with ways of improving performance (both accuracy and runtime)


How best to run and record results?  
I think using a notebook and saving to git after every run will be a good way to go.  It could get a bit heavy if I generate a plot after each run though.
Also need to fix the error I get if I run it multiple times - complains about things being registered twice.
The exception is in gp.py addEphemeralConstant: 
```Exception: Ephemerals with different functions should be named differently, even between psets```

The problem is that it adds the ephemeral to the gp globals, then complains when it comes to add it a second time.  It does compare the functions to see if they are the same, but the code creates a new function each time it is run.
Possible fixes:
- reload gp module
- rewrite code to add it as a static method on the PrimitiveSetTyped - would need to subclass or copy the whole class.
    - will it break the code?   
        - I don't think so - the AddTerminal does the work of registering it
    - can also add a reset method on the subclass?
- import gp and manually clear it


I think the simplest thing for repeated running of the code in a notebook is to import gp and reload it at the start.
