# 2021-08-05
Working on [[OpenAI Gym]] implementation in [[DEAP]].

## Refactoring for RL
What do I need to change from fuzzyclassifier.py to support Gym?
Move common code into a separate file:
- make_antecedents
    - needs to be replaced - needs a pandas dataframe
- make_consequents
    - also needs replacing - makes 'likely' and 'unlikely' consequents only
- get_fitness_values
- maybe much of the body of the fit() method
    - perhaps have a common base class?

~~Will need to re-implement the ea_with_elitism_and_replacement method - need to go through and find everywhere it assumes the data is in a pandas dataframe or similar.~~

I don't think anything in fuzzygp.py needs to change - the ea_with_elitism_and_replacement method calls toolbox.evaluate(population, slice) but the slice can be ignored in this case.  

The main changes are:
- write new make_antecedents/consequents - need to be specific to the task?
- new evaluate function/method
- split fit() method into common functions and classification-specific
    - classification-specific:
        - shuffle X & y
        - creating a dataframe from columns
        - creating batch slices

### Tasks:
- [x] #task Refactor common functionality into a base class ✅ 2021-08-15
- [x] #task create class for running Gym ✅ 2021-08-15
    - take an environment as a parameter
- [x] #task write make_antecendents and consequents methods ✅ 2021-08-15
- [x] #task write evaluate method for calling Gym environment ✅ 2021-08-15
    - run the loop and sum the rewards



## Profiling

Also playing with py-spy in the background - running it on classify_iris.py hacked to remove multiprocessing and stop after first fold.  
Saved as iris-flame.svg (by line number) and iris-flame-2.svg (by function).
As expected most of the time 97% is in evaluating the rules.  Much of that (29%) is in defuzzifying.  
