# 2021-08-25
Finally got a reply from Felix to my email of 8 weeks ago.   

---
apologies for the late reply, your email got buried in my inbox.  

  

I can provide you with the feedback I wrote regarding your proposal:

"The work you propose is very ambitious, but you can rely on your solid background research (Sec 4.2, 4.3) as a guide.  

You lay out a clear overall aim, namely to develop a library which enables fuzzy inferences learning via genetic programming (Sec. 2 and 5)  

and you identify reasonable goals (Sec 5) to achieve this aim.  
I do find that there is a conceptual gap between the goals and the overall aim; this is somewhat mitigated by your choice of tools (Sec 7.1-7.3) whose joint functionality essentially carves out the area in which your work resides. I think a simple  

“use case” (or “story”) would have helped a lot to clarify how you intend your library to be used and I suggest that you fix   such a scenario to help you identify exactly where the scope of your project lies.  
This is all the more important since there is a danger of losing a lot of time to experimentation and tuning. You are clearly aware of this issue (as you mention it in Sec 8.2) but I would like to underline it here again.  
All in all, you delivered a well thought-out and well-written proposal.  

Good work!"

I understand your concern about the lines-of-code and I see two directions you could go:
1) Try to demonstrate that this is a viable ML technique
2) Turn this package into a very user-friendly package for ML applications.

  The issue with 1) is that it's unpredictable how good this approach will be. Even if it is great for a specific niche application, it's unlikely that you will find the "right" dataset in the short amount of time that is left. So in my mind option 2) is better:

make sure the software is nicely organized and documented and is usable "out-of-the-box" by ML programmers. The latter is I think very valuable if you publish your software on GitHub.

---


Need to make a start on the next section.  
Also need to think about [[saving & loading rules]],  since the package is a bit useless without that.

