# 2021-08-21
Looking at screen recorders to save videos of gymrunner in action.  Found a top-10 list:
https://screenrec.com/screen-recorder/linux-screen-recorders/
Going to try out simplescreenrecorder first since it is in the ubuntu repo.

Damn, recorded the video with ssr but it did not catch my commentary.  I will see if I can dub that in later.  May need to install video editing software.  
Using the headset mono setting for audio works OK, so may be simpler to record a new video.

**11:24** recorded a new video. the game display was partly off screen which is a shame - it put it in a different position than last time.  It will do though.

Hot damn!  Saving and loading the population with pickle works now - some of my refactoring must have fixed the issue I had before.  I will add save and load methods to the base class.  But maybe that was because I had not created a new runner, so the class and functions had not changed.  
Yep - fails with 
`AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'Individual' on <module 'deap.creator' from '/home/dave/anaconda3/envs/eff/lib/python3.9/site-packages/deap/creator.py'>`

Putting the code to one side now and focusing on the report.
I think this is best written using vscode like I did for the proposal. 
Does the report need a particular filename?  I have not seen any instructions about that.  ... found it - 
> The file name should begin PROJ_ followed by your surname and an initial, such as PROJ_SmithJ.doc

Trying out https://github.com/Wandmalfarbe/pandoc-latex-template for the report.

It is a real PITA getting pandoc/latex to put the abstract and academic declaration before the ToC, but I have done it, kinda.  Need to figure out how to put them on separate pages though.
I figured out how to insert pagebreaks, but still don't know how to stop them being included in the ToC.  Probably need to format them separately.  There is a way in markdown the stop them being included - maybe I should create the page as markdown and convert it to latex.    Still installing all the latex bells and whistles so will have to wait.
I should get up to speed on latex.
I got it all working - I can now generate a preamble in markdown without it being included in the ToC.
I will leave jazzing it up with the eisvogel template for now.
Duh... was trying to get the yaml block to work.  Needed to quote the title since it had a colon in it.

**17:39** Phew, I have finally got the title page just how I like it.  
ToDo:
- [x] rewrite the abstract
- [ ] start on the body of the report
- [ ] email Felix







