# 2021-08-22
Thought:  perhaps an easy way of combining several top individuals is to concatentate all the rules together.  Also maybe weight them by updating the consequents to add the fitness value of the individual as the consequent weight.
Will add that to the ideas page.
Today I will focus on the report.
ToDo:
- [x] start on the body of the report
    - [x] add the headings
- [ ] email Felix
- [ ] upload Lunar Lander video

I think the best approach is to write a short first draft for each section of the report then make multiple passes over it, refining and expanding it each time.  That way I will always have something reasonably releasable.

**12:13** Looking at the pandoc-include plugin - looks very useful, especially for including the source files in the appendix.  Actually there are two plugins with the same name
python one: https://github.com/DCsunset/pandoc-include
simplistic haskell one:  https://github.com/steindani/pandoc-include
I will go for the python one since it looks a lot more powerful.

**12:30** I got it working including all the source files with syntax highlighting.  That was easy.

**14:07** experimented with converting the ipynb file to markdown/latex.  Can't find a way to keep the prompt though.
It does preserve it in the HTML output though.

Pomodoros:
| start time | task         | notes |
| ---------- | ------------ | ----- |
| 14:26      | Introduction |       |
| 15:03      | " "          |       |
|            |              |       |

Reminder:  It is OK to repeat stuff from the proposal so long as you reword it a bit and don't just cut & paste.  

I have uploaded the video to youtube - https://youtu.be/Oo6hulwqr9M
**21:05** I saved the max fitness for the lunar lander as a seaborn plot.


