# 2021-06-27
Took a couple of days off.
Thursday I got the classifier working.   Will look at improving it and tuning it today, and adding more tests.

After that:
- start draft write-up of this part of the project
- experiment with different datasets
- start on reinforcement learning

Will need to carefully record the result of experiments for the report.

Bugger, added multiprocessing but it is failing with "pool objects cannot be passed between processes or picked".
I think it is because I am calling map on a function that is a member of the class that also has the toolbox, so everything is getting pickled together.  I need to separate the evaluate function from the classifier class...
But the evaluate methods needs the toolbox so the link can't be broken.  I think this is a flaw in deap design.
I have reverted the changes for now.
I tried explicitly using pool in eaSimpleWithElitism, but it failed with a different error:  `AttributeError: Can't pickle local object 'registerCreators.<locals>.genRule`
Fixed that, but then it fails with `AttributeError: Can't pickle local object '\_makePrimitiveSet.<locals>.MakeConsequents'`.  Sigh.

Finally got it working - time is down to 10-12s from 35-50s.

Looking at limiting the chromosome size.  Also added an 'unlikely' term to the consequents.  I am also going to implement having a variable length list of consequents.   Will work on that first.

Added double tournament to keep rule sizes small.  Not sure how well it works.  Still often gets caught in a local minima.  Not sure if worse with this or not though.

