# 2021-06-12
Working on learning DEAP gp and applying it to creating fuzzy rules.  Starting with the example in the hands-on book.

I have gone through the example and played around with the parameters.  There is a lot of variation in the results, which is to be expected.  

Struggled a bit getting Jupyter to display a pygraphviz object without saving it, but finally managed it.  Simpler than I though - g.draw(format="png") returns a byte string with the data, then pass that to IPython.display.Image.


Thinking about what would be required to create an individual representing a fuzzy rule.

primitiveSet:
- add a terminal for each fuzzy term of each Antecedent
- add a terminal for each fuzzy term of each Consequent
- add a Rule class that takes (Antecedent expression, consequent expression)
- add AND, OR and NOT that take and return Antecendent expressions
- add AND_CONS that take and return Consequent expressions?
    - maybe have a single consequent to start with.

Thoughts on consequent expression...
skfuzzy can take as a consequent:
- a single fuzzy term
- a term and weight:   term % weight
- a sequence (tuple) of terms
- a sequence of weighted terms

How to represent anything other than a single term?

Q:  Can I use inheritance or a tuple of classes as the expression types in primitives?  Inheritance maybe, but not tuples as far as I can see from the source.    That is a shame.   I might be able to use inheritance to limit the tree size.
Options for creating consequences:
- only use a single term
- use an ephemeral constant that generates a random sequence of (possibly weighted) consequent terms
- use some kind of linked list class, where the left is a consequent and the right is either a consequent or another list class instance.  Not sure how you would define that in the code though...

I think the ephemeral constant is the best bet, but it would not be able to evolve it the way the rest of the rule is being evolved.  That may not matter much since it will be a short list.  
Is it possible to combine different mutate/mate operators for different parts of the instance?  Probably, but I would need to code it myself - I will just need to code the mutate/mate functions.  And all the other functions that take an individual.

To start off with I will use a single term consequent.  I may experiment with using an ephemeral constant later.  




