# 2021-09-09
Finished writing up the implementation section yesterday.

Still to do:

- Evaluation and results
- Planning and schedule
    -   make it a subsection of implementation
    -   create a gantt chart with plantuml
    -   get dates from kanban 

Conclusion
- viability of the method
- sweet spot
- further work and improvements

- add more diagrams?

- add figures & tables index

- generate / check references
- spellcheck
- proofread / edit


---- 

15m brainstorm...
fixed the placement of the bibliography.
What to put in the results section?
explanation of the CV script
some sample results for the different datasets and environments.  With tensorboard diagrams.

Some blurb about problems of convergence with examples.   Reference the field guide.
Show how it works well on some datasets/envs but not on others.
Run down on performance issues.
Ideas for improvement?  Keep for the conclusion.  
Hyperparameter tuning?  Do a run with ray tune?  Or sklearn random search?
Problems with such a large number of parameters - huge search space.  
Tuning the rule set size to the problem.  
Converging faster probably more important than increasing speed of fuzzy library.
Add planning/schedule section later - less important.
Try dictating again - need practice but probably faster than typing (when it works).  
Is there an android dictation app that will skip silence?  Will have to search for it.
https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/five-apps/five-free-android-apps-for-recording-voice-notes/
Smart Voice Recorder looks like it might do the job.
**13:30**  played around with it while washing up - works OK but picked up a lot of background noise from the sink.  Also not convinced it recorded everything I was saying.



| start | task       | duration | notes | break |
| ----- | ---------- | -------- | ----- | ----- |
| 13:48 | Evaluation | 33:32    |       | 6:13  |
| 14:28 | " "        |          |       |       |
